the rename objects tool helps you rename
many objects at once this tool can be
handy especially when you have objects
with generic names that you initially
forgot to name appropriately it is also
particularly useful with mirror objects
the right leg on the skeleton is
composed of four limbs all named
appropriately with the right prefix this
follows the Autodesk MotionBuilder
naming convention right up leg right leg
right foot and right toe base when the
entire leg is mirrored to the left side
of the character the left limbs are
automatically named right up legs zero
one right leg zero one right foot zero 1
and right toe base 0 1 the new left leg
limb names do not make much sense
adding the fact that they do not follow
the motion builder naming convention for
proper interoperability with the left
leg selected you can easily batch rename
these limbs using the rename objects
tool the default base name option is
handy when you want to replace the
entire object name that is not the case
here you need to edit the object's name
specifically by changing the right
prefix and removing the numbered suffix
first you need to get rid of the right
prefix that's 5 letters to remove as the
first 5 digits replace this prefix with
another one called left
finally remove the last two digits
numerical sequence that the mirror tool
automatically added click rename
notice how the limbs of the left leg
have been renamed properly this is a
powerful tool to use when you need to
rename a large number of objects the leg
only had four limbs the right arm has 19
as you mirror the right arm and check
the parse names you find yourself in the
same situation as before
with the rename objects tool dialog
still open and with the parameters still
specified can now click the rename
button to rename the left arm parts
of course the rename objects tool is not
restricted to bone rigs or character
setups it can be used in any situation
use the quad menu to unhide the rest of
the geometry in the scene take a look at
these two couches one was modeled based
on a box object and the other by its
very nature started off as a cylinder if
you forget to rename these objects
properly and start making duplicates you
end up with a large number of objects
labeled very generically
these objects which started off as
different primitives are all essentially
couches as you select them you can
choose a new base name such as couch
since you do not want to retain any part
of the old names you also need to
sequentially number them otherwise they
will all have the same name set the base
number to start with one and then click
rename all objects have now the same
couch base name